hello what numbers
I am everton 0 9
and today I'm going to talk to you about a new species
drums sound
the otakus
better known as geeks
these are kids and sometimes not so kids who disguise themselves as their idols
of video game manga
and of pikachu in general
not only disguise themselves but also believe that one day they can emulate
to his heroes
fine asshole true
well people are like that but most utah cross also sing the
songs of the animes
God but a little panda of retards is worth having some animals
I would disguise you from them
sing your songs think you're like them that's already deficient
mental
I've already seen that on Youtube there are many otakus but the most hated of all and
rightly is the hollow 59
God, little bug
everyone is against him yelmo and diego
watch out
I love nat
Etc. This guy is always vacillating others
you think superior because it's opaque or something
the uncle gets involved god and there are only two peres or at most six guys who
be like him
and there otaku that are against him
who the fuck is with you
Now I'm going to talk about a video that he called
talking about their idols
I want to leave some clear things about that video first
what he likes is iter sadness
seem right
although it's a fucking game
and I do not say it to fuck it but because it's true
here are the reasons
there are practically attacks just like that
kicks punches and the final blow
every time I see a video of streak zahi terme I sleep
pussy that game fuck
another thing is that recio uu
they are the same only that one is a karateka and the other a son of a bitch
they have the same attacks only that one makes blue and other red attacks
he also said that in things there are no destructible objects in him is canary
and what the hell do you need them in games like the queen sulca ligur
etcetera either and are among the best in the genre
the very imbecile
He also put a video
where you saw some tremendous failures in cox fuck you think we're so
asshole like you or what it looks like is wrong the game that is rigged the
video
then he put the attacks of the characters of coz
are copied from the strict iter
and the very abnormal puts some images in which characters from both games
doing similar things according to him
in the case that if they were equal
It is normal
since it is a fighting game and that I know all the fighting games are from
fight so everyone kicks punches
com 2
etcetera is as if we say that I try lución soccer is a copy of fifa
because in fifa it happens with the x and in the pro also
Fuck dude before doing criticism like that and in rooms before
the very otaku
talks about the soundtrack of this iter reactor and says that at least it has
fuck is a crap besides the music of the battles is not comparable with the
of coz
douchebag
another thing that you repeat over and over again is the word stage
it is said illiterate scenario
leaving behind the great game known to all
kind of caí
and the game shit called estrea oil
the seen that you have spoken of retired not shone as you say you illiterate of
shit
the only thing that he told you is the truth, are you not a motherfucker, eat chickens or what
what you say that in your land is spoken in a way that sweats me in all
the countries where Castilian is spoken or the shit you speak in
mexico you have to use well the ignorant verb forms
I repeat it to you many times because it is what you are ignorant
that at 25 years dresses up as pikachu
good and for now that's all I have to say
up another fucking mariachi